Update about.md (#17131)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/about.md

Multiple frameworks have been built on top of .NET Core:

> - [ASP.NET Core](/aspnet/core/), which provides a framework for building modern cloud-based internet connected applications, such as web apps, IoT apps, and mobile backends.

Reviewer: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/b/back-end

```suggestion
- [ASP.NET Core](/aspnet/core/), which provides a framework for building modern cloud-based internet connected applications, such as web apps, IoT apps, and mobile back ends.
```

> - [ASP.NET Core](/aspnet/core/), which provides a framework for building modern cloud-based internet connected applications, such as web apps, IoT apps, and mobile back ends.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ASP.NET Core](/aspnet/core/), a framework for building modern cloud-based internet connected applications, such as web apps, IoT apps, and mobile back ends.
```
